README.md, before:

![Riffin Logo](https://i.imgur.com/vZURUgf.png)

# Try it now for free @ [riffin.io](https://www.riffin.io/) 

Step aside notepad.exe. Riffin uses a no-nonsense, custom-built editor that takes the hassle out of writing and organizing guitar tablature.

__How?__ By combining a text editor with a music staff. Click anywhere (yes anywhere) on the staff to write tablature, click above the staff to write notes. Add titles and tags to your tablature so you can easily find it later.

__Why?__ Some tools are too simple, some are too robust. Riffin aims to thread that needle so our users can focus on capturing the music.


![Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/dpDtRNB.gif)

## 📡 Technologies Used

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=React&logoColor=blue)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5)
![Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js)

![AWS Lambda](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS_Lambda-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=awslambda)
![AWS Cognito](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS_Cognito-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=black)
![AWS API Gateway](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS_API_Gateway-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon%20api%20gateway)

![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=MongoDB)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman)
![ReactRouter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React_Router-white?style=for-the-badge&for-the-badge&logo=react-router)

![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=black)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=git)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=black)
![Airtable](https://img.shields.io/badge/Airtable-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=Airtable&logoColor=18BFFF)

![Material UI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Material_UI-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=mui)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=1572B6)


## 👨‍🔬 Created By

### Project Lead

- [Ryan Morici](https://github.com/RyanSUP)

### Contributors

- [Dave Collis](https://github.com/dcollis92)
- [Tim Crisp](https://github.com/timcrisp94)


## 🎬 Credits

- [Attributions](https://github.com/ryanSUP/riffin-v2/../../../../attributions.md) can be found here

Commit message:

Add package attributions to readme.

README.md, after:

![Riffin Logo](https://i.imgur.com/vZURUgf.png)

# Try it now for free @ [riffin.io](https://www.riffin.io/) 

Step aside notepad.exe. Riffin uses a no-nonsense, custom-built editor that takes the hassle out of writing and organizing guitar tablature.

__How?__ By combining a text editor with a music staff. Click anywhere (yes anywhere) on the staff to write tablature, click above the staff to write notes. Add titles and tags to your tablature so you can easily find it later.

__Why?__ Some tools are too simple, some are too robust. Riffin aims to thread that needle so our users can focus on capturing the music.


![Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/dpDtRNB.gif)

## 📡 Technologies Used

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=React&logoColor=blue)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5)
![Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js)

![AWS Lambda](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS_Lambda-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=awslambda)
![AWS Cognito](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS_Cognito-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=black)
![AWS API Gateway](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS_API_Gateway-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon%20api%20gateway)

![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=MongoDB)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman)
![ReactRouter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React_Router-white?style=for-the-badge&for-the-badge&logo=react-router)

![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=black)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=git)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=black)
![Airtable](https://img.shields.io/badge/Airtable-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=Airtable&logoColor=18BFFF)

![Material UI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Material_UI-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=mui)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=1572B6)


## 👨‍🔬 Created By

### Project Lead

- [Ryan Morici](https://github.com/RyanSUP)

### Contributors

- [Dave Collis](https://github.com/dcollis92)
- [Tim Crisp](https://github.com/timcrisp94)


## 📦 Riffin uses the following packages...

- [React DnD](https://react-dnd.github.io/react-dnd/about) for intense drag and drop action!

- [SimpleBar](https://www.npmjs.com/package/simplebar) makes the music staff scrollable on mobile devices!

- [Notistack](https://notistack.com/) for stacking notifications!
